it's compact it's safe it's comfortable
everything you want in a new liver the
price seven hundred fifty six thousand
dollars
let me just reassure you that I could at
Department will find a plan that fits
your lifestyle
they'll sign it everybody signs it but
what they don't tell you is if you can't
pay the bills some Union man will break
into your house and reclaim our property
I can pay sorry that's not my department
my name is Remy that's my best friend
Jake we grew up together and now we work
together a jobs a job what do you think
keeps away together its rules its people
abiding by the terms that it deals with
the sign of self as your pancreas hope
no I said the money in this morning
we're always gonna be weak both for the
RS nah they won't give me a new heart no
no your credit history
you're a very lucky man you know what
what you're looking at here is the new
heart module top-of-the-line yeah
no type of all you're gonna be back on
your game you're gonna be not gonna be
you've done this a thousand times
what is wrong with you for empowerment
payment your repo they'll come for you -
you think Frank's gonna send after me
maybe where we go wherever we hide
they'll find us
are you wanting to finish this
take me out of the sister give me your
heart or we could come up with a plan
that fits your rug now is yours and it
Jake
now I'm not letting you go I can't go
back
repo man